Add documentation on using virtual environments for testing in napari based on 2022-01 workshop by Talley Lambert (#50)
napari/docs: docs/plugins/virtual_environment_docs/1-virtual-environments.md

# 1: Virtual environments  

This guide explains the value of using virtual environments and how to create and remove them. 

> ## Other topics in this series:  

Reviewer: This section + `This guide covers` take a lot of room before we actually get to the content. I wonder if the `Other topics in this series` section should go at the end? Especially because these guides are not sequential, like the ones in the testing workshop. I think that's also more consistent with other websites I've seen, where when you get to the bottom it shows you other things you could look at.

Author: So, we should delete the statement that says, "The next topic in this series is..."? I moved the descriptions.  We have numbered them just because that is the order they were presented in.  You're right, they don't necessarily build on each other.  Should we remove the numbers too?

The last section is now: 

## Other topics in this series:  

* 2: [Deploying your plugin](./2-deploying-your-plugin.md)  
* 3: [Version management](./3-version-management.md)     
* 4: [Developer tools](./4-developer-tools.md)   
* 5: [Survey](./5-survey.md)

Reviewer: @Nadalyn-CZI yeah agreed, I think we can get rid of the numbers here.

* 1: This guide  
* 2: [Deploying your plugin](./2-deploying-your-plugin.md)  
* 3: [Version management](./3-version-management.md)     
* 4: [Developer tools](./4-developer-tools.md)   

> * 5: [Survey](./5-Survey.md)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 5: [Survey](./5-survey.md)   
```

### This guide covers: 
* [Resources](#resources)  
* [Creating environments](#creating-environments)  
* [Removing environments](#removing-environments)

> </br>

Reviewer: I think here we should remove the manual whitespace added, and expand a little bit on 
1. what a virtual environment is and
2. why they are super important

At the top we say we're going to 'explain the value of using virtual environments' and I don't think this guide currently does that.

Author: I added some content here.  See if you think it is enough and is accurate.

Virtual environments  
</br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;. . . are super important!  
</br>  

> ## Resources

Reviewer: I think the key part of this section is the link to installing `miniconda` or `miniforge`, and setting up the `conda-forge` channel.

So I think maybe we should call it `Setting Up` or something similar. We should remove the bullet points and turn it into the following narrative:

```
## Setting Up

Sentences from above about what a virtual environment is and why it's important.

Sentence about how conda is one of the most popular ones.

Links to install miniconda or mini forge

Instructions to add conda-forge to config

Finally, link to lecture for who wants more info on this.
```

Some resources you might find helpful: 
* ~1.5-hour lecture on getting set up with python and virtual environments:

> https://nic.med.harvard.edu/python/

Reviewer: This link should be a hyperlink on the word `lecture`.

Author: This is the dead link.  If you follow it you get a 404 error.  I changed it.

>  More information on why virtual environments are created and how they can help you can be found on the [python website](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments) and at [hackmd.io](https://hackmd.io/@talley/SJB_lObBi#What-is-a-virtual-environment). 

Reviewer: `hackmd.io` is just the document hosting website, so I'm changing this hyperlink to be a bit more specific.

```suggestion
 More information on why virtual environments are created and how they can help you can be found on the [python website](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments) and in [this introductory workshop](https://hackmd.io/@talley/SJB_lObBi#What-is-a-virtual-environment). 
```

* Use [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [mini forge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) (comes pre-configured with conda-forge). Install it in the home directory.

> https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html  

Reviewer: We should remove this link and the one below since we've added hyperlinks above.
```suggestion

```

> https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge  (comes pre-configured with conda-forge) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Make sure you have conda-forge in your config. The default anaconda channel has some very outdated packages, e.g. [old version of Qt](https://forum.image.sc/t/napari-issues-on-bigsur/52630/10).   

> https://forum.image.sc/t/napari-issues-on-bigsur/52630/10  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```console

Reviewer: Should add a sentence before this code snippet explaining briefly what it does:

These commands add the `conda-forge` channel to the `conda` config, so that packages in `conda-forge` are visible to the `conda` installer. Setting `channel_priority` to `strict` ensures packages in high priority channels are always installed over packages of the same name in lower priority channels. See [this guide](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-channels.html) for more details

Author: I think I addressed this.

> Virtual environments are super important! They allow you to isolate your project from other python projects. They allow you to experiment with various packages and versions without fear of breaking your entire system (and needing to reinstall everything). As you install packages over time, you will inevitably install something that doesn’t “play well” with something else that is already installed. In some cases this can be hard to recover from. With virtual environments, you can just create a fresh environment and start again – without needing to do major surgery on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual environments are super important! They allow you to isolate your project from other Python projects. They allow you to experiment with various packages and versions without fear of breaking your entire system (and needing to reinstall everything). As you install packages over time, you will inevitably install something that doesn’t “play well” with something else that is already installed. In some cases this can be hard to recover from. With virtual environments, you can just create a fresh environment and start again – without needing to do major surgery on your system.
```

    $conda config --add channels conda-forge  
    $conda config --set channel_priority strict  
```

## Creating environments  
  
Create environments liberally!  

To create an environment, use the following commands at the command prompt (terminal):

```console
    $ conda create -n name-of-env python
    $ conda activate name-of-env
    $ pip/conda install <whatever> 
```

> Virtual environments  

Reviewer: I think this bit should go into the `Removing environments` section. I also think we should remove the whitespace. I do like the stylistic effect, but we don't really use this anywhere else on the website. If we want to emphasize this statement perhaps there's a theme element we can use? Maybe a [line block](https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/kitchen-sink/blocks.html#line-blocks)?

> There are several tools available for creating and managing virtual environments.  One of the most popular, comprehensive tools is Conda. Wikipedia explains that [Conda is an open-source, cross-platform, language-agnostic package manager and environment management system.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conda_(package_manager)) It was originally developed to solve difficult package management challenges faced by Python data scientists. At first, it was part of Anaconda Python distribution developed by Anaconda Inc., it ended up being useful on its own and for things other than Python, so it was spun out as a separate package. The Conda package and environment manager is included in all versions of **Anaconda**, **Miniconda**, and **Anaconda Repository**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several tools available for creating and managing virtual environments.  One of the most popular, comprehensive tools is Conda. Wikipedia explains that [Conda is an open-source, cross-platform, language-agnostic package manager and environment management system.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conda_(package_manager)) It was originally developed to solve difficult package management challenges faced by Python data scientists. The Conda package and environment manager is included in all versions of **Anaconda**, **Miniconda**, and **Anaconda Repository**. 
```

> For more information on the value of virtual environments, see [hackmd.io](https://hackmd.io/@talley/SJB_lObBi#What-is-a-virtual-environment). 

Reviewer: We already have this workshop linked above so I think we should remove this sentence.

```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: Would be good to add this as a heading so users who skim the overview don't miss the install step.

```suggestion
## Install and Config
```

> Install [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [mini forge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) (comes pre-configured with conda-forge) in the home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [mini forge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) (comes pre-configured with `conda-forge`) in the home directory.
```

> Adding the conda-forge channel to the conda config makes packages in conda-forge visible to the conda installer. Setting channel_priority to strict ensures packages in high priority channels are always installed over packages of the same name in lower priority channels. See [this guide](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-channels.html) for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `conda-forge` channel to the conda config makes packages in `conda-forge` visible to the conda installer. Setting `channel_priority` to strict ensures packages in high priority channels are always installed over packages of the same name in lower priority channels. See [this guide](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-channels.html) for more details. 
```

> Make sure conda-forge is in your config by using the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the `conda-forge` channel is in your config by using the following commands:
```
